docs: improve FAQ (#1424)
solid-design-system/solid: packages/components/src/docs/General/11-FAQ.mdx

> 

Reviewer: Could we structure the page in another way so that we don’t see all questions in the vertical tab navigation on the right hand side?
Would be better if we see only:
General questions
Technical questions
![Uploading Bildschirmfoto 2024-09-20 um 12.37.15.png…]()

Reviewer 2: That vertical nav is not very useful atm. If we had 3-4 categories instead of "General" and "Technical" this would be a nice way to navigate between them though. I'll look into it and have someone assist me with the Markup.

<sd-accordion>

>   <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">

Reviewer 3: Can't you just wrap EVERYTHING inside a `sb-unstyled` so we don't have to repeat that again and again?

>     What is the suggested workflow between Design and DEV in the project-specific teams? 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    What is the suggested workflow between Design and Dev in the project-specific teams? 
```

  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">
    A collaborative workflow between design and development teams is crucial for the success of any project. We recommend the following steps:

    1. Initial Alignment: Begin with a kick-off meeting to ensure both designers and developers understand Solid DS and its capabilities.
    2. Design Phase: Designers build prototypes based on Solid DS components, customising them whenever necessary while collaborating with developers to ensure feasibility. They also make all the relevant accessibility comments for later hand-off.
    3. Hand-off Process: Designers provide detailed documentation and conduct design review sessions to ensure developers understand the specifications and rationale.

>     4. Development Phase: Maintain close communication, with regular check-ins and iterative testing to ensure designs are implemented accurately.

Reviewer 3: This is definitely not my recommendation and feels way to waterfall-ish. Why do we have to do this info anyways for other teams here?

Reviewer 2: This question came out of the FAQ-survey we did on our General channel. Similarly to the question about the core principles of the Solid DS, this is also a way of showcasing our principles rather than answering a real question IMO. 

I agree though that the current answer feels waterfall-ish. I would suggest the following text, which is more mindset-oriented rather than prescribing a particular workflow:

> The Solid Design System team does not impose strict rules on how design and development teams should operate. Instead, we offer guidance and best practices that promote collaboration, agility, and efficiency in integrating the design system into your workflow. The collaboration advice for consumers generally includes:
> 
> Shared Language and Terminology
> Ensuring that both designers and developers refer to components, colors, or tokens using a unified language helps avoid confusion and miscommunication during implementation.
> 
> Use of Agile Practices
> Consumers are encouraged to adopt agile workflows, such as frequent design and development sprints. This allows for continuous feedback and adjustments to ensure that both the design and development stay aligned​.
> 
> Design Systems as a Source of Truth
> The design system should serve as the central repository for all reusable components, ensuring consistency across teams and reducing the need for repetitive design work​.

    5. Final Review: Conduct a joint review to verify that the project meets design specifications and functions as intended.
    6. Post-Launch: Keep a feedback loop for continuous improvement in future features and projects.

  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">

>     Are there any tutorials or guides available for beginners?

Reviewer 3: As this is design focused, I would shape the question like that.

  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">

>     Yes, we offer comprehensive tutorials and guides for beginners to help them get started with the design system.

Reviewer: We offer comprehensive tutorials and guides for beginners to help them get started with the design system.

    These resources cover from basic usage to advanced techniques, providing a smooth onboarding experience for new
    users. Visit our <a href="https://www.figma.com/files/1075429990769806468/project/96753329">Trainings space</a> in
    Figma to access these tutorials. Like the design system, this is a space in continuous growth and we will keep
    adding new trainings and updating the existing ones to sharpen any edges of the overall interaction with Solid DS.
  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">

>     Can I download assets or code snippets directly from the documentation?

Reviewer: Can I copy/download assets or code snippets directly from the documentation?

  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">

>     You can access and download design assets directly from our Figma documentation. This includes UI components, icons,

Reviewer: You can access and download design assets directly from our Figma libraries. This includes UI components, icons,

>     and other design elements that you can use in your projects. For code snippets, you can visit our Storybook. It

Reviewer 3: LInebreak to separate design and code. Or some kind of highlighting.

  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">
    Do I need to create a project-specific component library?
  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">

>     Your project structure should leverage the Solid Design System’s components, styles and templates as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Your project structure should leverage the Solid Design System's components, styles and templates as
```

  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">
    Can I change the appearance of the components of the Solid Design system?
  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">

>     Yes, the Solid Design System supports skinning. You can customise the appearance of components through styles to

Reviewer 3: It should be clear, that skinning is especially focused on changing colors.

In addition there are part selectors, that are meant to optimize for specific needs.

Maybe these should be two things: One is regarding "theming", the other one regarding "customization".

    match your project’s branding and design requirements. This flexibility allows you to maintain visual consistency
    while adapting the design system to your specific needs. For detailed instructions on customization, please refer to

>     our customization guide in the online storybook.

Reviewer 3: Which is where? ;)

<sd-accordion-group>
<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">Why do we rely on basic HTML standards?</h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">
    We rely on basic HTML standards because they provide a solid foundation for web development, ensuring compatibility across different browsers and devices. HTML standards define the structure and semantics of web content, which is crucial for accessibility and search engine optimization. By adhering to these standards, we promote consistency, reliability, and interoperability in web development, ultimately enhancing user experience and facilitating collaboration within the web community.
  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">
    Which browsers are supported?
  </h3>
  <span className="sb-unstyled">
    Currently we provide automatic VRT in Chrome and manually test our components with MS Edge, Safari and Firefox. A
    more detailed browser matrix is in progress and will be added here soon.
  </span>
</sd-accordion>

<sd-accordion>
  <h3 className="text-base sb-unstyled" slot="summary">

>     Does the design system support TypeScript and work with React, Vue, and Angular?

Reviewer: Should we add Svelte? @karlbaumhauer

Reviewer 4: ah yes. good point. 

@mariohamann is there anything we should better not mention as we already know about dificulties?

Reviewer: @mariohamann could you answer this, pls?

Reviewer 3: Yes: https://custom-elements-everywhere.com

Maybe we can add the link to this page?
